Adding a section for evaluating a suite in pytest (#1873)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/integrations/pytest.rst

> Please note the ``passed_conditions()`` method of the result object. This method will return ``True`` if all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note the :meth:`passed_conditions() <deepchecks.core.CheckResult.passed_conditions>` method of the :class:`deepchecks.core.CheckResult` object. This method will return ``True`` if all the
```

conditions are met, and ``False`` otherwise.

> It's possible to evaluate the result of a suite of checks, and to get the overall result of the test, by using the
> ``passed()`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to evaluate the result of a suite of checks, and to get the overall result of the test, by using the
:meth:`deepchecks.core.SuiteResult.passed` method.
```
